because I'm a girl just because I fought
your dad last night or really what the
hell are you doing kid get away from me
okay setting right behind me she
definitely the fuck out of my ass what
the fuck is wrong
we start shooting at me what the heck
somebody got me behind on it no some
freaking why you hate me Brody's got me
killed this is exactly why I eat I don't
know why God why you hate me bro hey can
you do it to Manning yeah he gets mad
really easily he's one of my friends a
super funny hey come on man and oh my
god 332 beauty balm stop Mythili
challenge gonna keep shooting right I'm
me Sam Riley don't mean Sam Stephen and
Brett try to find a match get people to
oh my god te just lost around or meaning
here fact wow really I get a little
faggot get on me soon don't just a
little faggots Jesus Christ see you know
like go um oh dude I got some you can do
hey me uh you can get your game break it
in half that would be awesome so I got a
balmy around come see good like I
understand that I'm too good but you
don't have to point it out
fucking done fucking hate these people
in these games nah she got me you did
the same thing with me first round it
was a you hate me bro or some stupid
shit leave a comfortable hating boyega
do it please oh gee you're so fucking
good you sleep it faggot stupid fucking
kid mins kick him off line please like
before I go on fuck and kill his mother
leaving my buddies oh god we got this
guy on our team guys fucking Lee please
this fucking bitches failure of a sarong
i'm eating them yo who's party later
back out to envoy minutes faggot no more
just back up alright destroy i have a
great time
you